[KEYBOARD CLACKING]
[DEVICE BUZZES AND CLICKING]
That you, Wilson?
[BUZZING]
Hello?
[m1
What the hell?
[CAMERA WHIRRING]
Oh, no, no, no.
Damn it.
[PHONES RINGING
AND COMPUTERS BEEPING]
[MACHINES POWER DOWN]
[m1
David, it's me.
We have a serious problem.
The network was breached.
I think they got the project files.
I'm headed to the backup site
with the prototype now.
[CAMERA WHIRRING]
[CAR ENGINE STARTING]
[m1
[TIRES SCREECHING]
[HORN HONKING]
RAYMOND: Good morning, Mr. Kaplan.
KAPLAN: Gentlemen.
Oh, my God. What is this?
Vicuna, 100 percent.
How do | get one?
Put it on your Christmas list.
And if you're good...
Okay, let's see what we have here.
Your ability
to locate a crime scene
never ceases to amaze.
You're like a human bloodhound.
I've been called worse.
RAYMOND: How long?
Judging by the rate of decay,
eight days, plus or minus.
The female died
of strangulation.
The male, gunshot wound to the chest.
Close range.
If you'd like a ballistic
analysis, I'll need to perform
a field autopsy.
Ha,ha,ha.
As much as I'd love to see that,
it won't be necessary.
The whodunit
has already been solved.
Perhaps another time, though.
All right. I don't want any indication
that we ever set foot here.
So please, put it all back
the way you found it.
Of course, dearie.
How do you want to handle this?
Your phone.
[BEEPING]
WOMAN [ON PHONE]:
911. What’s your emergency?
RAYMOND:
I'd like to report
a missing person.
Oh, it was supposed
to be a surprise.
What is this?
I can't believe you teach fourth grade
and have such little knowledge
of pop culture.
I'm sorry. I have no idea
what you're talking about.
That is Uncle Flippo.
Trust me on this, flashlight butt
will get you some serious cred.
Come on now.
To be fair, I have cred.
Oh, yeah. Says the man
carrying the lunchbox.
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
DeBARROS: Mr. Keen?
Mm-hm.
Detective DeBarros
with Metro P.D.
Got a moment to talk
about Jolene Parker?
How long has she been missing?
l was hoping you could help me
with that.
When's the last time you saw
or spoke with her?
It must have been last Sunday, right?
No, Saturday.
I ran into her outside.
She was looking for an apartment
in the neighborhood.
So I referred her to a friend
who's a real estate agent.
But then she called back
to say she'd changed her mind
and that she was moving to Dayton
with her fiance.
DeBARROS:
I wasn't aware she had a fiancé.
You have a name?
No, I'm afraid not.
You worked with Miss Parker, correct?
We're talking to all her colleagues.
Well, she, uh, subbed
Mr. Sinnard for a few weeks, but...
Were you close?
Not particularly. No.
Have you searched her residence?
Manager at the apartment
hasn't seen her in a week.
If she was planning to move,
she didn't give notice.
If there's anything more we can do,
don't hesitate to ask.
I appreciate that. My number.
If you hear from her,
or anything comes up...
Of course.
[ROCK MUSIC
PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS]
You're late.
Sorry, something came up.
Is everything all right?
Yeah, fine.
What is all this?
Just a little restoration.
Of what?
A timing mechanism
for an explosive device?
Uh-uh-uh-uh.
Should I be worried?
Yes.
But not about this.
What am I looking at?
A car accident.
Killed the driver. Nathan Platt.
Why am I looking at it?
Because it was no accident.
The crash was engineered
by a notorious cybercriminal
known only as Ivan.
Or lvan. Please.
And you know this how?
I've had some experience
with the man.
He stole from me.
His brother and I spent
a delightful evening
sharing stories
over a plate of meatjelly
and half a gallon of vodka.
All the while,
Ivan had his hand in my wallet.
My job isn't to settle your grudges.
So I'm gonna need a little more
than your gut instinct
that Ivan was involved.
How about a confession?
Ivan took credit for the hit
in some deep, dark recess
of the Internet.
A place inhabited only by scary people
and reckless teenagers.
A place where curiosity
inevitably kills the cat.
80 Ivan ran some guy
off the road?
Or are you thinking it's something
a little more sophisticated?
Given his technological skills,
he wouldn't even need
to get his hands dirty.
lvan's had a very long career.
Ten years of collapsing
Russian markets,
selling off government secrets,
disrupting the Siberian pipelines.
It sounds like his beef's with Moscow.
This is the first time
lvan's ever struck on U.S. soil.
A fact that should have you all
very concerned.
Because whatever he has planned,
this is only the very beginning.
LIZ:
Here's the information
we have on our victim.
Nathan Gregory Platt, 43.
Employed at
Roy's TV Repair since '09.
No wife, no kids.
Had no affiliation
with any government agencies.
Or connections to Russian business
interests. Doesn't fit with lvan's MO.
lfl could look at that car,
I might confirm whether it was
electronically manipulated.
Do it.
[J‘J‘J‘]
Aram.
What's up?
l was wondering
if you could do me a favor.
I need to pull the phone records
for this number.
The name's Jolene Parker.
Okay.
Thank you.
MAN:
Let's see.
Inventory number 7-62-09.
Here we are.
Thanks. We'll take it from here.
Hey, can I ask you something?
Why are you here?
I'm processing evidence.
LIZ:
There's no shame
in taking a couple days off.
I mean, if it were me,
I wouldn't wanna be here.
The job takes my mind off Audrey.
[DEVICE BEEPS]
Hey, guys? This thing
was definitely tampered with.
The airbag deployed
before the crash, not after.
There's a message in the CAN bus
deliberately left here
for someone to find.
What is it?
Thirty-two bytes:
"0-1 -1 -0-1
Okay. Translation, please?
It's binary. It spells "Ivan."
His digital signature.
What's that?
I'm not sure.
Any ideas?
Looks like some kind of RF shielding
and a passive
satellite tracking system?
Doesn't look like something you'd find
lying around at Roy's TV Repair.
Our victim's been moonlighting.
We should take it
to the computer forensics lab.
[CARS APPROACH]
Step away from the car! Now!
Get away from the car!
[J‘J‘J‘]
Hey, this area's restricted.
Not to me, it isn't.
And you are?
Assistant Director Harold Cooper.
Who the hell are you?
Agent in Charge Galarza.
NSA, Special Projects.
Why are you detaining my people?
Your people had a piece of stolen
technology in their possession.
Everyone all right?
The case was busted open
when we found it.
Whatever was inside
was taken from the crash scene.
What kind of classified tech
are we talking about?
Unless you have
TS/SCI Vigil Clearance,
I'm not at liberty to say.
Why is a special FBI task force
investigating a car accident?
You and I both know
this was no simple car accident.
l have information
on who killed your man.
If you want that information,
you're gonna tell me what he took.
Do that now
or we can dance for hours
while I secure a warrant.
But by then,
you may have lost another man.
[BELL RINGING]
Nathan Platt was one of ours.
Tailored access operations technician.
Which means what, exactly?
That he didn't repair TVs
for a living.
Then what was Platt
really working on?
This.
[BEEPING]
Project Skeleton Key.
David Fisher is our lead engineer.
He'll brief you on the details.
Pleased to meet you.
The Skeleton Key is the culmination
of five years of R & D
into state-of—the-art
cyber warfare.
Designed to deliver a knockout blow
to enemy infrastructure in wartime.
No cruise missiles
or boots on the ground.
Defense grids, weapons systems
and communications.
Skeleton Key can cut through
the world's most secure networks
with the push of a button.
So our suspect is now in possession
of this device?
A prototype for the control module.
We just finished it last week.
Our whole operation
was about to be relocated
to a CyberCom Ops Center
in Colorado for field testing.
Before it went missing.
RAYMOND:
The government has armed
a cyber-terrorist
with the digital equivalent
of a nuclear warhead.
Another fabulous example
of tax dollars at work.
Another reason why I don't pay taxes.
State's reaching out to the Russians.
But getting them to cooperate
will be one thing
and actually finding this Ivan
will be a separate problem altogether.
Kastrychnitski Rayon.
It's in Minsk, Belarus.
That's where Ivan is currently.
Wait. When did you learn this?
I've always known this.
It didn't occur to you
to say something earlier?
You FBI are such blunt instruments.
Lizzy, you don'tjust swoop in
and arrest a man like Ivan.
Know what he'll tell you in custody?
Nothing.
I assume you have a better idea?
If you want to know what Ivan is up to,
you have to get him to share that.
Not because he has to,
because he wants to.
How do I do that?
We create a problem for him
and then solve it.
And to do that,
we need to take a field trip.
[J‘J‘J‘]
[PEOPLE CHATTERING IN RUSSIAN]
[IN RUSSIAN]
Hello, Ivan.
Seat's taken.
[IN ENGLISH]
Perhaps the face escapes you.
My card.
Allow me
to refresh your memory.
Grand Cayman Bank.
Account number 121-0227-579.
It held approximately $5 million
and then suddenly, it didn't.
Heh, heh.
It was a clever hack.
Kudos, and all that.
But I've come to collect. With interest.
[IN ENGLISH]
Sorry, friend.
l have no interest.
I wouldn't go out there if I were you.
Is that some kind of a threat?
Yes, but not from me.
It seems you've stirred up
the borscht, Ivan.
Murdering that NSA troll
got the FBI talking to the FSB.
Now you're neck-deep
in the beets, Ivan.
They've issued
an arrest order for you.
And according to my informant,
they're en route here now.
Of course they are.
Mm.
This pirozhki is delicious.
My point
I can secure safe travel for you
out of the country.
For a price.
Let me guess.
Five million, plus interest?
Ha,ha,ha.
Thank you very much. I'll pass.
[POLICE SIREN WAILING]
Oh, there's my cue.
You're on your own, comrade.
Uh...
I accept your generous offer.
I thought you might have
a Change of heart. Shall we?
Eight million. I want it
transferred to this account.
Fine. Let's get out of here.
Not until I have my payment.
You can't be serious.
They're gonna be here any moment.
Then you'd better type fast.
[J‘J‘J‘]
[IN RUSSIAN]
Thank you.
You are a true master.
Okay.
Done.See?
[IN ENGLISH]
You find those little fingerprints
on the glass distracting
or does that sort of thing
not bother you?
[HORN HONKING]
Stop! Ivan!
You think he bought it?
Well, I did.
I'm sorry, I didn't wanna wake you.
What are you doing up?
Something wrong?
Jolene Parker,
her real name is Lucy Brooks.
What?
I heard from Detective DeBarros.
She's a wanted criminal.
What's a V-I-C-A-P?
ViCAP.
It's the bureau's
violent criminal database.
She's a convicted felon.
Robbery, aggravated assault.
Two years ago, her parole officer
in Santa Fe reported her missing.
Hasn't been seen since.
She shows up as a substitute teacher
in an elementary school?
I mean, how does that even happen?
I am so sorry.
[J‘J‘J‘]
What are you sorry for?
She was here, in our house,
in our bedroom.
And it's because of me.
Liz, that's crazy.
No. If you knew what I do...
What do you mean?
God, if she had done anything
to you...
Come on, I'm a big boy.
I can take care of myself.
Don't beat yourself up.
You could never have known this.
You never really know people.
Do you?
I'm gonna find her.
Who she works for.
Whoever they are, whatever it takes.
I'm gonna find her.
[J‘J‘J‘]
Liz. Agent Keen. I got that information
on Jolene Parker's phone records.
What'd you find?
You were her last outgoing call.
l was able to pull location data
from cell towers.
The address
where she called you from.
La Vista Street in Brookland.
Aram, you're amazing.
So tell me, Ivan,
what are your intentions?
I assume you took the Skeleton Key
for one of three reasons.
Some dastardly deed
you have planned.
Something dastardly
someone else has planned.
Or you've lined up a buyer
and have no idea
what they have planned.
I'm curious, what's your price?
Honestly, I haven't given it
much thought.
Don't be coy, Ivan.
Whatever the number,
I can likely double it.
You could probably use
the retirement money
right about now.
You have no idea
what I'm talking about, do you?
The hack in DC, the NSA agent,
it wasn't me.
Then who was it?
I don't know.
But he's been using my name.
Look, my contempt
is not with the US.
It's always been with Russia.
Last thing I need
is a HELLFIRE drone missile
up my zadnjica. Right?
Ha,ha,ha.
Then if you didn't do it, who did?
Whoever it is, they're very good
at covering their tracks.
I haven't been able to ID him yet.
Perhaps I could be
of some assistance.
So we've reviewed
the information Ivan supplied.
This mystery hacker
has only been operating for
about three or four months.
We've linked his profile to a recent attack
on an encrypted defense network
coordinating
special access programs.
That would give him intel on black-budget
projects. Would be worth millions.
It may also be how he learned
about the Skeleton Key in the first place.
ARAM:
As if that is not enough,
he's also hacked himself access
to pay porn sites
and a pile of
MythCraft gift cards,
which is harder than it sounds.
He breached
the Social Security Administration
to raise benefit payments
for someone.
Who?
LIZ:
As you can see, Miss Lee,
your payments went up by $1200
since September.
Says who?
Social Security
Administration.
You didn't notice the extra money?
It's direct-deposited into my account.
I never check the statement.
| just balance my checkbook,
same as I always do.
Any idea why these payments
would've gone up?
I may be old but I'm not stupid.
I know when I'm being accused
of something.
And if you think I had something
to do with this, you are mistaken.
We believe this is the work
of a hacker.
We're just trying to figure out
his connection to you.
Computer hacker?
I can't even set my thermostat
without the help of my grandson.
Grandson?
Okay, you guys
will have 55 minutes.
Number 2 pencils only.
No pens this time.
Everybody check and make sure your
graphing calculators are set to radians.
If they're not set to radians,
you're gonna have a bad time.
Okay. You can begin.
[J‘J‘J‘]
[PHONE RINGING]
Hey.
LIZ: DO you have a second?
Yeah, what's up?
I'm following up leads
on Jolene's case
and I came across an address.
What's the address?
1896 La Vista Street?
I've never heard of it.
It's not her home address.
Maybe it's her fiance's.
I thought I'd check it out.
I think you're cutting out.
Hey, can you hear me?
Tom?
[CHAIR CLANGING]
[J‘J‘J‘]
[RATTLING]
[DOOR CREAKING]
[LIZ GRUNTS]
The place was ransacked
before I got here.
There's even a cache
of burnt documents
in the bucket outside.
They're ashes now.
You get a visual on the suspect?
Male, Caucasian. Over 6 feet.
Dark hair.
[CELL PHONE VIBRATING]
Excuse me.
Keen.
RESSLER: We've a lead on our suspect.
We 're heading to Lakehi/l High School.
Okay. I'm five minutes behind you.
Don't wanna step on any--
Wanna be looped into the investigation.
Yeah, if you could copy me
on the evidence report
once you've cataloged everything,
I'd appreciate it.
Sure.
WOMAN [ON PHONE]:
Bantam Finance.
How may I direct your call?
I'm having a problem with my account.
Number Delta, Sierra, 451.
Line is secure. Proceed.
Watch post is compromised,
bona fides in question.
Tell Berlin I was forced to liquidate.
What's it say about me
that my entire life
fits into six cardboard boxes?
That you're not hung up
on material things?
Or that I'm boring.
JACKIE:
Do you know anyone in Briargate?
No. My dad does.
Me, not so much.
First day is gonna be so awkward.
I really hate introducing myself to people.
JACKIE:
You'll be fine. It's Colorado.
Free weed.
ABBY:
It's not free. It's just legal.
JACKIE:
Well, then I guess you're screwed.
[ABBY CHUCKLES]
[m1
What's going on?
RESSLER:
Harrison Lee?
[BEEPING]
Wait!
[FIRE ALARM WAILING]
WOMAN [ON PA]:
Please proceed
to the closest emergency exit.
RESSLER:
Move, move, move. Move aside.
Please proceed
to the closest emergency exit.
[CHATTERING]
Heh, heh. So how exactly
does a 17-year-old kid
slip through your fingers?
He hacked the school's
security system
and activated
the automated evac protocols.
If you ever find him, ask him
if he'd like to earn some extra money.
We'll find him. Forensics
is processing his house,
his computer, e-mails, cell records.
Sounds like you have everything
well under control,
which begs the question,
why are you here?
Have you ever seen this woman?
Hand me that piece right there.
Her name is Jolene Parker.
She was a sub at Tom's school.
But as of yesterday morning,
she's a missing person.
I found high-end surveillance gear,
a cache of documents, burner cells.
Was there any evidence
connecting any of this to me?
No.
Then what exactly
would you like me to do?
Turns out Jolene Parker doesn't exist.
It's an alias.
I wanna know who she is,
and I wanna know why the hell
she's inserted herself into our lives.
I can't answer that.
You can't or you won't?
Well, that's a matter of interpretation.
Not to me.
You said there's always something
you're not telling me.
Just once, I'd like to hear
the whole truth from you.
| wish I knew the whole truth.
You know what?
Don't worry about it.
The truth is I don't need evidence
to connect this to you.
Jolene Parker is in my life
because of you.
None of this happened
until you arrived on my doorstep.
My life was great.
My marriage, Tom.
Thank God l have Tom. Because
with you, I never know what to believe.
l have never lied to you.
How the hell would I know?
[m1
Have fun with your project.
Harrison was using
some serious layers
of encryption on his computer.
But I was
able to find a hidden partition,
filled with terabytes of data.
Who is she?
Her name's Abby Fisher.
Any relation to--
ARAM: Yes.
Daughter of David Fisher,
lead engineer of
the Skeleton Key program.
Check this. She's enrolled
at the same school as Harrison.
Photos look like they're from a webcam.
He breached her computer, watched her,
and it gets worse.
He hacked into her cell,
e-mail, texts.
He even got into her MP3 collection.
He chronicles her every move.
He's stalking her.
Get David on the phone.
[BLEEPING]
[PHONE RINGING]
Hello?
Mr. Fisher, this is Agent Keen.
I need to ask you a question
about your daughter.
I don't understand.
Is she familiar with a young man
named Harrison Lee--
RESSLER: Whoa.
ARAM: I lost him.
RESSLER: What's going on?
[COMPUTERS BEEPING]
What happened?
I'm not sure. Hold on.
It doesn't make sense.
All of DC. is dark.
He activated the Skeleton Key.
[m1
[KEYPAD BLEEPING]
[BLEEP]
[BLEEPING]
[SIREN WAILING]
Agent Keen, we got cutoff.
What's wrong?
We believe Abby may be in danger.
Where the hell is she?
[PHONE CHIMES]
Harrison has the Skeleton Key.
It's how
he triggered this blackout.
Any way to track it?
Yes. If it's active.
The key uses a standard
LTE signal, right?
You should be able to triangulate
his location using cell towers.
You just need the IMEI
and ICCID numbers.
[KEYBOARD CLACKING]
No good. All but one
of the city's towers are offline.
Harrison could be anywhere
in this 5-mile radius.
How can he cause a citywide blackout,
access cell phone networks?
Skeleton Key gives him
precise access
to the power grid's
distribution substations.
Leave what he needs running,
everything else powered off.
We could use that.
Are any substations running
within your 5-mile radius?
One. And it's pulling a lot of power.
LIZ: To where?
[KEYBOARD CLACKING]
Uh, it's a Metro station. Green line.
Branch Avenue.
Wait, wait, wait. You'll need these.
[m1
Hello?
Jackie, is that you?
Abby.
Hi.
Harrison.
What are you doing down here?
Waiting.
Foryou.
Okay, this is gonna sound
kind of crazy.
l was just texting my friend Jackie--
You were actually texting with me.
What do you mean?
ljust wanted this moment
to be private.
Just you and me.
We don't even know each other.
| feel like I know you.
I know that you listen
to Jamestown Revival
on repeat to fall sleep.
Bite your bottom lip
when you're nervous.
[SIRENS WAILING]
HARRISON:
Don't be scared.
I'm not going to hurt you, okay?
I'd never hurt you.
Can ljust go home?
Can I please just go home?
Is that really what you want?
I know you don't wanna move
to Colorado.
I know you wanna stay here
and finish your senior year.
You told that to Jackie in an e-mail.
How do you know that?
Now you don't have to move anymore.
I made that possible.
This, it's your dad's project.
It's why he was being transferred,
why he had to go to Colorado.
How did you get that?
I stole it.
And now they can't continue
the program.
Don't you get it?
You don't have to move anymore.
Why would you do all of this?
Because, Abby, I love you.
Wait.
Ah!
Abby.
Are you okay?
Abby, wake up.
MAN:
We got him.
Let's go down there.
MEERA:
Go. I've got her.
MAN: He's going down the track. Let's go!
Abby. I'm Agent Malik.
Paramedics are on their way
to get you, okay?
[m1
[BEEPS]
[GRUNTS]
[m1
One step closer,
and | send this thing off the tracks.
Harrison, my name is Agent Keen.
HARRISON:
l have nothing to say to you.
You've spent months
coming up with the perfect plan
and right now,
nothing is going as expected.
All of this,
it was a romantic gesture, wasn't it?
She was supposed to fall for me.
Just like I fell for her.
You must feel like your
whole world is falling apart.
But it isn't.
We can end this.
Right now. You and I.
You're right. We can.
[BEEPING]
Harrison, no.
It's too late.
The train is gonna crash.
It's impossible to override
the control system
without access to the Skeleton Key.
Harrison, I know you feel
like this is your only option,
but it's not.
You have a choice.
Choice?
I'm a murderer.
You and I both know
that the car accident
was only that, an accident.
You did not want that man to die.
Did you?
This isn't what Abby would want.
42189.
ATCS override.
[BRAKES SCREECHING]
How much track left?
About 5000 yards.
Is that enough?
We're gonna crash!
What happened? Did it crash?
I don't know.
[m1
[BRAKES SCREECHING]
You guys there?
Stay put. We're coming to get you.
[m1
Thank you.
It's all right.
Good work.
Yeah, you too.
Hey, you hungry?
Tom's cooking tonight
so that means
there'll be a ton of extra food.
Thanks, but I think I'll just head home.
You sure?
You have someone
waiting for you at home.
You don't have to feel bad about that.
See you tomorrow.
[DOOR CLOSES]
[LIZ SIGHS]
Hey, babe.
I need some wine,
preferably the entire bottle.
Oh, no. That bad?
Hey, last we talked,
you were going into
Jolene's apartment.
What happened? Any word?
It's not good.
There was evidence of foul play.
Foul play? What does that mean?
There's nothing concrete.
M.P.D. is still processing
the apartment.
Yeah. What do they know?
Do they have a suspect?
They don't
but when I went to the apartment
there was someone there. A man.
He...
He knocked me down. He--
What? Did he hurt you?
I'm fine.
Are you okay?
You were attacked. Liz.
The police are looking for him.
Did you get a good look at him
at least?
I Wish.
Just the thought of someone
doing that to you, hurting you...
Some stranger.
What do you need?
Wine.
Heh. Okay.
[SIGHS]
[m1
What is this?
Be careful of your husband.
Please, I didn't do anything.
I can only lead you to the truth.
I can't make you believe it.
Is everything okay?
I'm fine. It's just work.
TOM:
You're sure?
Hm.
Because I hate to break it to you,
but after two years of marriage,
I know that that face means you're upset.
I'm fine.
I promise.
Really?
Really.
You were right.
Come in.
What's this?
It's a 19405 Sorrento music box.
[SOFT MUSIC PLAYING]
I know this song.
When I was a little girl,
I had these terrible nightmares.
I remember...
ﬂashes”.
of fire and smoke.
God, so much smoke.
My dad would lay in bed with me...
and hold me in his arms
and hum that song.
He'd tell me l was safe.
That everything was gonna be okay.
You spent days
building that damn thing.
You knew about the song.
My father.
You knew I'd find out the truth.
And you wanted me...
[SNIFFLES]
To know that everything
is going to be okay.
You're going to be okay.
[m1